README.md, before:


# tflite-react-native

A React Native library for accessing TensorFlow Lite API. Supports Classification, Object Detection, Deeplab and PoseNet on both iOS and Android.

### Table of Contents

- [Installation](#Installation)
- [Usage](#Usage)
    - [Image Classification](#Image-Classification)
    - [Object Detection](#Object-Detection)
      - [SSD MobileNet](#SSD-MobileNet)
      - [YOLO](#Tiny-YOLOv2)
    - [Deeplab](#Deeplab)
    - [PoseNet](#PoseNet)
- [Example](#Example)

## Installation

`$ npm install tflite-react-native --save`

### iOS (only)

TensorFlow Lite is installed using CocoaPods:

1. Initialize Pod:
	```
	cd ios
	pod init
	```

2. Open Podfile and add:
	```
	target '[your project's name]' do
		pod 'TensorFlowLite', '1.12.0'
	end
	```

3. Install:
	```
	pod install
	```

### Automatic link

`$ react-native link tflite-react-native`

### Manual link

#### iOS

1. In XCode, in the project navigator, right click `Libraries` ➜ `Add Files to [your project's name]`
2. Go to `node_modules` ➜ `tflite-react-native` and add `TfliteReactNative.xcodeproj`
3. In XCode, in the project navigator, select your project. Add `libTfliteReactNative.a` to your project's `Build Phases` ➜ `Link Binary With Libraries`
4. Run your project (`Cmd+R`)<

#### Android

1. Open up `android/app/src/main/java/[...]/MainApplication.java`
  - Add `import com.reactlibrary.TfliteReactNativePackage;` to the imports at the top of the file
  - Add `new TfliteReactNativePackage()` to the list returned by the `getPackages()` method
2. Append the following lines to `android/settings.gradle`:
    ```
    include ':tflite-react-native'
    project(':tflite-react-native').projectDir = new File(rootProject.projectDir,   '../node_modules/tflite-react-native/android')
    ```
3. Insert the following lines inside the dependencies block in `android/app/build.gradle`:
    ```
      compile project(':tflite-react-native')
    ```

## Add models to the project

### iOS

In XCode, right click on the project folder, click **Add Files to "xxx"...**, select the model and label files.

### Android

1. In Android Studio (1.0 & above), right-click on the `app` folder and go to **New > Folder > Assets Folder**. Click **Finish** to create the assets folder.

2. Place the model and label files at `app/src/main/assets`.

2. In `android/app/build.gradle`, add the following setting in `android` block.

```
    aaptOptions {
        noCompress 'tflite'
    }
```

## Usage

```javascript
import Tflite from 'tflite-react-native';

let tflite = new Tflite();
```

### Load model:

```javascript
tflite.loadModel({
  model: 'models/mobilenet_v1_1.0_224.tflite',// required
  labels: 'models/mobilenet_v1_1.0_224.txt',  // required
  numThreads: 1,                              // defaults to 1  
},
(err, res) => {
  if(err)
    console.log(err);
  else
    console.log(res);
});
```

### Image classification:

```javascript
tflite.runModelOnImage({
  path: imagePath,  // required
  imageMean: 128.0, // defaults to 127.5
  imageStd: 128.0,  // defaults to 127.5
  numResults: 3,    // defaults to 5
  threshold: 0.05   // defaults to 0.1
},
(err, res) => {
  if(err)
    console.log(err);
  else
    console.log(res);
});
```

- Output fomart:
```
{
  index: 0,
  label: "person",
  confidence: 0.629
}
```

### Object detection:

#### SSD MobileNet

```javascript
tflite.detectObjectOnImage({
  path: imagePath,
  model: 'SSDMobileNet',
  imageMean: 127.5,
  imageStd: 127.5,
  threshold: 0.3,       // defaults to 0.1
  numResultsPerClass: 2,// defaults to 5
},
(err, res) => {
  if(err)
    console.log(err);
  else
    console.log(res);
});
```

#### Tiny YOLOv2

```javascript
tflite.detectObjectOnImage({
  path: imagePath,
  model: 'YOLO',
  imageMean: 0.0,
  imageStd: 255.0,
  threshold: 0.3,        // defaults to 0.1
  numResultsPerClass: 2, // defaults to 5
  anchors: [...],        // defaults to [0.57273,0.677385,1.87446,2.06253,3.33843,5.47434,7.88282,3.52778,9.77052,9.16828]
  blockSize: 32,         // defaults to 32 
},
(err, res) => {
  if(err)
    console.log(err);
  else
    console.log(res);
});
```

- Output fomart:

`x, y, w, h` are between [0, 1]. You can scale `x, w` by the width and `y, h` by the height of the image.

```
{
  detectedClass: "hot dog",
  confidenceInClass: 0.123,
  rect: {
    x: 0.15,
    y: 0.33,
    w: 0.80,
    h: 0.27
  }
}
```

### Deeplab

```javascript
tflite.runSegmentationOnImage({
  path: imagePath,
  imageMean: 127.5,      // defaults to 127.5
  imageStd: 127.5,       // defaults to 127.5
  labelColors: [...],    // defaults to https://github.com/shaqian/tflite-react-native/blob/master/index.js#L59
  outputType: "png",     // defaults to "png"
},
(err, res) => {
  if(err)
    console.log(err);
  else
    console.log(res);
});
```

- Output format:
  
  The output of Deeplab inference is Uint8List type. Depending on the `outputType` used, the output is:

  - (if outputType is png) byte array of a png image 

  - (otherwise) byte array of r, g, b, a values of the pixels 


### PoseNet

> Model is from [StackOverflow thread](https://stackoverflow.com/a/55288616).

```javascript
tflite.runPoseNetOnImage({
  path: imagePath,
  imageMean: 127.5,      // defaults to 127.5
  imageStd: 127.5,       // defaults to 127.5
  numResults: 3,         // defaults to 5
  threshold: 0.8,        // defaults to 0.5
  nmsRadius: 20,         // defaults to 20 
},
(err, res) => {
  if(err)
    console.log(err);
  else
    console.log(res);
});
```

- Output format:

`x, y` are between [0, 1]. You can scale `x` by the width and `y` by the height of the image.

```
[ // array of poses/persons
  { // pose #1
    score: 0.6324902,
    keypoints: {
      0: {
        x: 0.250,
        y: 0.125,
        part: nose,
        score: 0.9971070
      },
      1: {
        x: 0.230,
        y: 0.105,
        part: leftEye,
        score: 0.9978438
      }
      ......
    }
  },
  { // pose #2
    score: 0.32534285,
    keypoints: {
      0: {
        x: 0.402,
        y: 0.538,
        part: nose,
        score: 0.8798978
      },
      1: {
        x: 0.380,
        y: 0.513,
        part: leftEye,
        score: 0.7090239
      }
      ......
    }
  },
  ......
]
```

### Release resources:

```
tflite.close();
```

## Example

Refer to the [example](https://github.com/shaqian/tflite-react-native/tree/master/example).

Commit message:

Update tflite-react-native library; add custom model type

README.md, after:


# tflite-react-native

A React Native library for accessing TensorFlow Lite API. Supports Classification, Object Detection, Deeplab and PoseNet on both iOS and Android.

NOTE:  This is a fork of https://github.com/shaqian/tflite-react-native with some small updates.  The new project has been created since it appears that the upstream library is no longer actively maintained.  The changes have not been tested with iOS.  Contributions are welcome!

### Table of Contents

- [Installation](#Installation)
- [Usage](#Usage)
    - [Image Classification](#Image-Classification)
    - [Object Detection](#Object-Detection)
      - [SSD MobileNet](#SSD-MobileNet)
      - [YOLO](#Tiny-YOLOv2)
    - [Deeplab](#Deeplab)
    - [PoseNet](#PoseNet)
- [Example](#Example)

## Installation

`$ npm install tflite-react-native --save`

### iOS (only)

TensorFlow Lite is installed using CocoaPods:

1. Initialize Pod:
	```
	cd ios
	pod init
	```

2. Open Podfile and add:
	```
	target '[your project's name]' do
		pod 'TensorFlowLite', '1.12.0'
	end
	```

3. Install:
	```
	pod install
	```

### Automatic link

`$ react-native link tflite-react-native`

### Manual link

#### iOS

1. In XCode, in the project navigator, right click `Libraries` ➜ `Add Files to [your project's name]`
2. Go to `node_modules` ➜ `tflite-react-native` and add `TfliteReactNative.xcodeproj`
3. In XCode, in the project navigator, select your project. Add `libTfliteReactNative.a` to your project's `Build Phases` ➜ `Link Binary With Libraries`
4. Run your project (`Cmd+R`)<

#### Android

1. Open up `android/app/src/main/java/[...]/MainApplication.java`
  - Add `import com.reactlibrary.TfliteReactNativePackage;` to the imports at the top of the file
  - Add `new TfliteReactNativePackage()` to the list returned by the `getPackages()` method
2. Append the following lines to `android/settings.gradle`:
    ```
    include ':tflite-react-native'
    project(':tflite-react-native').projectDir = new File(rootProject.projectDir,   '../node_modules/tflite-react-native/android')
    ```
3. Insert the following lines inside the dependencies block in `android/app/build.gradle`:
    ```
      compile project(':tflite-react-native')
    ```

## Add models to the project

### iOS

In XCode, right click on the project folder, click **Add Files to "xxx"...**, select the model and label files.

### Android

1. In Android Studio (1.0 & above), right-click on the `app` folder and go to **New > Folder > Assets Folder**. Click **Finish** to create the assets folder.

2. Place the model and label files at `app/src/main/assets`.

2. In `android/app/build.gradle`, add the following setting in `android` block.

```
    androidResources {
        noCompress 'tflite'
    }
```

## Usage

```javascript
import Tflite from 'tflite-react-native';

let tflite = new Tflite();
```

### Load model:

```javascript
tflite.loadModel({
  model: 'models/mobilenet_v1_1.0_224.tflite',// required
  labels: 'models/mobilenet_v1_1.0_224.txt',  // required
  numThreads: 1,                              // defaults to 1  
},
(err, res) => {
  if(err)
    console.log(err);
  else
    console.log(res);
});
```

### Image classification:

```javascript
tflite.runModelOnImage({
  path: imagePath,  // required
  imageMean: 128.0, // defaults to 127.5
  imageStd: 128.0,  // defaults to 127.5
  numResults: 3,    // defaults to 5
  threshold: 0.05   // defaults to 0.1
},
(err, res) => {
  if(err)
    console.log(err);
  else
    console.log(res);
});
```

- Output fomart:
```
{
  index: 0,
  label: "person",
  confidence: 0.629
}
```

### Object detection:

#### SSD MobileNet

```javascript
tflite.detectObjectOnImage({
  path: imagePath,
  model: 'SSDMobileNet',
  imageMean: 127.5,
  imageStd: 127.5,
  threshold: 0.3,       // defaults to 0.1
  numResultsPerClass: 2,// defaults to 5
},
(err, res) => {
  if(err)
    console.log(err);
  else
    console.log(res);
});
```

#### Tiny YOLOv2

```javascript
tflite.detectObjectOnImage({
  path: imagePath,
  model: 'YOLO',
  imageMean: 0.0,
  imageStd: 255.0,
  threshold: 0.3,        // defaults to 0.1
  numResultsPerClass: 2, // defaults to 5
  anchors: [...],        // defaults to [0.57273,0.677385,1.87446,2.06253,3.33843,5.47434,7.88282,3.52778,9.77052,9.16828]
  blockSize: 32,         // defaults to 32 
},
(err, res) => {
  if(err)
    console.log(err);
  else
    console.log(res);
});
```

- Output fomart:

`x, y, w, h` are between [0, 1]. You can scale `x, w` by the width and `y, h` by the height of the image.

```
{
  detectedClass: "hot dog",
  confidenceInClass: 0.123,
  rect: {
    x: 0.15,
    y: 0.33,
    w: 0.80,
    h: 0.27
  }
}
```

### Deeplab

```javascript
tflite.runSegmentationOnImage({
  path: imagePath,
  imageMean: 127.5,      // defaults to 127.5
  imageStd: 127.5,       // defaults to 127.5
  labelColors: [...],    // defaults to https://github.com/shaqian/tflite-react-native/blob/master/index.js#L59
  outputType: "png",     // defaults to "png"
},
(err, res) => {
  if(err)
    console.log(err);
  else
    console.log(res);
});
```

- Output format:
  
  The output of Deeplab inference is Uint8List type. Depending on the `outputType` used, the output is:

  - (if outputType is png) byte array of a png image 

  - (otherwise) byte array of r, g, b, a values of the pixels 


### PoseNet

> Model is from [StackOverflow thread](https://stackoverflow.com/a/55288616).

```javascript
tflite.runPoseNetOnImage({
  path: imagePath,
  imageMean: 127.5,      // defaults to 127.5
  imageStd: 127.5,       // defaults to 127.5
  numResults: 3,         // defaults to 5
  threshold: 0.8,        // defaults to 0.5
  nmsRadius: 20,         // defaults to 20 
},
(err, res) => {
  if(err)
    console.log(err);
  else
    console.log(res);
});
```

- Output format:

`x, y` are between [0, 1]. You can scale `x` by the width and `y` by the height of the image.

```
[ // array of poses/persons
  { // pose #1
    score: 0.6324902,
    keypoints: {
      0: {
        x: 0.250,
        y: 0.125,
        part: nose,
        score: 0.9971070
      },
      1: {
        x: 0.230,
        y: 0.105,
        part: leftEye,
        score: 0.9978438
      }
      ......
    }
  },
  { // pose #2
    score: 0.32534285,
    keypoints: {
      0: {
        x: 0.402,
        y: 0.538,
        part: nose,
        score: 0.8798978
      },
      1: {
        x: 0.380,
        y: 0.513,
        part: leftEye,
        score: 0.7090239
      }
      ......
    }
  },
  ......
]
```

### Release resources:

```
tflite.close();
```

## Example

Refer to the [example](https://github.com/shaqian/tflite-react-native/tree/master/example).
